What good things can you come up with as a piece of trash?
Why compare with us Wang Shao?
Dad?
Why don't we see what this kid has?
If you really have the ability
It's not that the Wang family can't offend, it's reasonable
You you you you you
Did you see it, kid?
That's power.
Don't think you can just take a trash thing casually
Compare with me
Okay, I don't need to do it now
Cheap will get you crawling out of here
boss
Do you still think our Lin family is ashamed today?
You bastard
Get out of here!
Dad you
Don't Call Me Dad
Wait for me to put this first
I don't know how high things are decadent
I'll settle the bill with you again.
Hey, break his leg for me
Then throw it out
Stop it
Dad, get out of here
Hey dad your dad
Let go of me
Dad, what are you doing?
Mr. Chu
That 10 billion order really won us a prize.